NMS-14615: Quick Start: Import inventory (#5244)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/provisioning/auto-discovery.adoc

Auto discovery is the process of automatically adding nodes to {page-component-title}.

> You do this through discovery, either periodically on schedule or through single, unscheduled times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do this through discovery, which is run either periodically on a schedule or as one-off, unscheduled operations.
```
